Routing DSL: style guide (#3099)
akka/akka-http: docs/src/main/paradox/routing-dsl/style-guide.md

# Routing DSL style guide

Akka HTTP's routing DSL is at the center of most Akka HTTP-based servers. It's where the incoming requests diverge into the different parts of the implemented services.

> Keeping all routing in one big structure will easily become hard to grasp and maintain. This page is tries to give a few hints for how you may want to break down the routing logic.

Reviewer: `is tries` --> `tries` ?

Reviewer 2: I would even remove the `tries` altogether:

```suggestion
Keeping all routing in one big structure will easily become hard to grasp and maintain. This page gives a few hints for how you may want to break down the routing logic.
```
